#summary Summary of changes
#labels Featured

== v1.2.1 ==

  * Fix the helper command line "setup" code to work with Python 2.4.

== v1.2.0 ==

  * Add support for "go FOO" falling back to changing to subdirectory "FOO" if there is no "FOO" shortcut. Patch from Phil Schwartz.

== v1.1.0 ==

  * Move to 'go-tool' Google Code project. (Couldn't use "go" because Google Code requires minimum 4 (or 3?) characters for a project name.)
  * Add automatic setup code to assist with setting up the shell integration drivers.

== v1.0.6 ==

  * Redo changes to 'function go' that were made in version 1.0.4 so that people without my own personal Bash definitions can actually use it.

== v1.0.5 ==

  * Fix bug where 'go' would fail to switch to a directory with spaces.

== v1.0.4 ==

  * Improve Bash 'function go' to fail more gracefully if 'go' is not found on the PATH.

== v1.0.3 ==

  * Correct information about the suggested Bash "go" function definition to avoid a user's possible "which" alias (some RedHat systems setup "alias which='type -p'") that can screw things up.

== v1.0.2 ==

  * Filter out the stupid FCNTL.py deprecation warning for usage with Python 2.3 on Windows.

== v1.0.1 ==

  * Ensure the installed 'go' script on non-Windows is executable.

== v1.0.0 ==

  * Change version attributes and semantics. Before: had a _version_ tuple. After: __version__ is a string, __version_info__ is a tuple.

== v0.9.2 ==

  * Fix install on Un*x: 'go' script wasn't in sdist to install

== v0.9.1 ==

  * Find gow.cpp again and get gow.exe into dists to fix installation and DQSD integration on Windows.

== v0.9.0 ==

  * Move hosting to trentm.com.
  * Improve starter docs a little bit.

== v0.8.2 ==

  * Ensure that "go SHORTCUT" switches to the correct drive on Windows when called in a subsystem:window environment (via the /D switch).
  * Drop the '-o' option added by the DQSD go.xml search. This means that openning the given path in the _shell_ is now the default, as it is for command line usage.

== v0.8.1 ==

  * Remove a debugging statement in 0.8.0 that caused "go SHORTCUT" to fail from Dave's Quick Search Deskbar.
  * Install go.py as 'go' in Linux, which executable bit set. Before this, getting go going was a real pain. It still is somewhat.

== v0.8.0 ==

  * Improve Windows integration: errors are now shown in dialogs rather than lost on the non-existant console.
  * Improve DQSD integration. The default action is not to open a shell to the stated directory. "go -o" can be used, as on the command line, to open a directory in Explorer.
  * Fix bug introduced in 0.7.0 whereby using go's innocuous options (-h, -V) could result in a directory change from the last "go" call.
  * Add explicit "-c" option for the default "change directories" action.
  * Improve shortcut listing output.

== v0.7.0 ==

  * Add an optional argument when listing (-l|--list) to be a pattern for existing shortcuts, e.g.: `go -l foo  # lists all shortcuts with foo in them`
  * Add DQSD (Dave's Quick Search Deskbar) integration. After installation and a re-start of DQSD you should be able to jump to directory shortcuts via "go SHORTCUT[/SUBPATH]" in DQSD.

== v0.6.3 ==

  * first public release