#summary How to install go
#labels Featured

`Go` should work with Python 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7. I haven't yet put together a version for Python 3.


= Do I have it installed? =

If you have `go` installed you should be able to do this:

{{{
$ go --help
...go usage info...
}}}


= What version do I have installed? =

{{{
$ go --version
}}}


= How do I install/upgrade? =

Install with *one* of the following methods. (*WARNING*: I haven't tested this with pip and easy_install. In particular the `go.bat` driver script for Windows is necessary. I'd appreciate hearing from anyone successfully using `go` having installed via pip and/or easy_install.)

  * Install *with pip* (if you have it):

    `pip install go`

    More on `pip` [http://pip.openplans.org/ here].

  * Install *with easy_install* (if you have it):

    `easy_install go`

    See good instructions here for installing easy_install (part of setuptools) [http://turbogears.org/2.0/docs/main/DownloadInstall.html#setting-up-setuptools here].

  * *Basic* (aka old school) installation:
      # download the latest `go-$version.zip`
      # unzip it
      # run `python setup.py install` in the extracted directory
    
      For example, for version 1.2.1:
      {{{
wget -q http://go.googlecode.com/files/go-1.2.1.zip
unzip go-1.2.1.zip
cd go-1.2.1
python setup.py install
}}}


= One-time Bash shell setup =

For users of `go` in a shell other than Windows' `cmd.exe`, there is a necessary one-time setup. Typing `go' must end up calling the Bash function `go' and *not* `go.py'
directly. This is how `go' can change the directory in your current shell. `go` will
detect when this is the case and will walk you through the process of adding an
appropriate `go` function to your environment.
